com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/IsoscelesTriangleHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.IsoscelesTriangleHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/HalfLineFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.HalfLineFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.HalfLineFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/QuadrilateralExercisesFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.QuadrilateralExercisesFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/SupplementaryAnglesHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.SupplementaryAnglesHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/PaintView.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.PaintView
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/CircumferenceFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.CircumferenceFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.CircumferenceFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/CorrespondingAnglesHw4Fragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.CorrespondingAnglesHw4Fragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/BuildConfig.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.BuildConfig
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/SimilarTrianglesFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.SimilarTrianglesFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.SimilarTrianglesFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/DiameterHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.DiameterHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/SectorHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.SectorHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/RadiusHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.RadiusHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/CorrespondingAnglesHw2Fragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.CorrespondingAnglesHw2Fragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/LineSegmentHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.LineSegmentHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/RightAngleHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.RightAngleHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/CyclicQuadrilateralHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.CyclicQuadrilateralHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/ParallelLinesHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.ParallelLinesHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/LineSegmentFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.LineSegmentFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.LineSegmentFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/HalfLineHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.HalfLineHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/AngleHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.AngleHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/ChordFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.ChordFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.ChordFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/IsoscelesTriangleFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.IsoscelesTriangleFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.IsoscelesTriangleFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/VerticallyOppositeAnglesHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.VerticallyOppositeAnglesHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/ModulusLineHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.ModulusLineHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/RectangleFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.RectangleFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.RectangleFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/LineFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.LineFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.LineFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/ModulusLineFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.ModulusLineFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.ModulusLineFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/CyclicQuadrilateralFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.CyclicQuadrilateralFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.CyclicQuadrilateralFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/IntroFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.IntroFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/LineTwoFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.LineTwoFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.LineTwoFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/SegmentCircleHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.SegmentCircleHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/RectangleHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.RectangleHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/SimilarTrianglesDiminHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.SimilarTrianglesDiminHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/StraightAngleTwoFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.StraightAngleTwoFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.StraightAngleTwoFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/CircleFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.CircleFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.CircleFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/ReflexAngleFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.ReflexAngleFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.ReflexAngleFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/CorrespondingAnglesFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.CorrespondingAnglesFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.CorrespondingAnglesFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/QuestionManager.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.QuestionManager
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/RhombusFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.RhombusFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.RhombusFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/SectorFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.SectorFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.SectorFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/SquareHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.SquareHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/AcuteAngleHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.AcuteAngleHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/SimilarTrianglesHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.SimilarTrianglesHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/CircleHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.CircleHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/SecantFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.SecantFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.SecantFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/QuadrilateralFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.QuadrilateralFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.QuadrilateralFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/TangentFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.TangentFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.TangentFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/ModulusAngleFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.ModulusAngleFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.ModulusAngleFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/AlternateAnglesFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.AlternateAnglesFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.AlternateAnglesFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/ArcHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.ArcHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/PerpendicularLinesHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.PerpendicularLinesHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/RightAngleFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.RightAngleFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.RightAngleFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/SegmentCircleFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.SegmentCircleFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.SegmentCircleFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/StraightAngleFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.StraightAngleFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.StraightAngleFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/SquareFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.SquareFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.SquareFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/TriangleFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.TriangleFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.TriangleFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/ParallelagramFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.ParallelagramFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.ParallelagramFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/SupplementaryAnglesFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.SupplementaryAnglesFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.SupplementaryAnglesFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/ModulusAngleHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.ModulusAngleHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/DiameterFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.DiameterFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.DiameterFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/ObtuseAngleFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.ObtuseAngleFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.ObtuseAngleFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/CircleExercisesFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.CircleExercisesFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/ZoomLinearLayout.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.ZoomLinearLayout
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.ZoomLinearLayout$1
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.ZoomLinearLayout$Mode
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/CorrespondingAnglesHw1Fragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.CorrespondingAnglesHw1Fragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/QuadrilateralHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.QuadrilateralHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/CorrespondingAnglesHw3Fragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.CorrespondingAnglesHw3Fragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/EquilateralTriangleHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.EquilateralTriangleHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/CircumferenceHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.CircumferenceHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/CongruentTrianglesHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.CongruentTrianglesHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/RhombusHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.RhombusHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/LinesAnglesQuestionsFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.LinesAnglesQuestionsFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/MainActivity.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.MainActivity
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/StraightAngleHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.StraightAngleHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/TriangleExercisesFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.TriangleExercisesFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/TriangleHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.TriangleHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/ScaleneTriangleFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.ScaleneTriangleFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.ScaleneTriangleFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/RadiusFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.RadiusFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.RadiusFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/ReflexAngleHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.ReflexAngleHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/SecantHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.SecantHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/FingerPath.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.FingerPath
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/ParallelLinesFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.ParallelLinesFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.ParallelLinesFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/PerpendicularLinesFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.PerpendicularLinesFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.PerpendicularLinesFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/ArcFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.ArcFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.ArcFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/ObtuseAngleHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.ObtuseAngleHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/AcuteAngleFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.AcuteAngleFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.AcuteAngleFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/ScaleneTriangleHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.ScaleneTriangleHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/CongruentTrianglesFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.CongruentTrianglesFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.CongruentTrianglesFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/TangentHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.TangentHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/VerticallyOppositeAnglesFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.VerticallyOppositeAnglesFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.VerticallyOppositeAnglesFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/AngleFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.AngleFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.AngleFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/ChordHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.ChordHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/ParallelagramHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.ParallelagramHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/LineHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.LineHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/AlternatingAnglesHw1Fragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.AlternatingAnglesHw1Fragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/AlternatingAnglesHw2Fragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.AlternatingAnglesHw2Fragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition/EquilateralTriangleFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.EquilateralTriangleFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometryteachersedition.EquilateralTriangleFragment$1
